# Cooking with Coderanger

Come learn about some advanced Chef tips and learn to make top-notch pancakes.
Noah will go over useful ways to enhance your Chef code and workflow, while
demonstrating the recipes and techniques for preparing tender and delicious
pancakes. Two great kinds of cooking, one great time!

## For Reviewers

This will require a table and an electrical outlet on stage. I'll provide
the cooking supplies and ingredients. The plan is the interweave the tech
talk with the cooking talk. Definitely not standard for something like ChefConf
but I think the novelty would entertain. Other than gluten (and seriously no
one has an allergy to it that strong that being in the same room as flour is
going to be a problem) I'll avoid all major allergens to be safe. Depends on
the size of the audience, but hopefully by the end there will be enough for
everyone to enjoy at least a bite.

# Ten More Unpopular Opinions About Chef

A follow up to last year's hilariousÂ¹ overview of Noah's unpopular opinions
about Chef. Come learn how to apply the personal biases of one person to
vastly improve your Chef cookbooks!

1: hilarity not guaranteed

## For Reviewers

Definitely only workable as a lightning talk.

# Chef Development Needs You!

Chef Software is the steward and guardian of Chef, but it is developed by all
of us as a community. In just the last few months many new places to contribute
have been created: RFCs, subsystem maintainership, community advocates. Come
learn how you can contribute to the Chef ecosystem!

## For Reviewers

Rough topic breakdown is how to submit patches (explaining CLA), RFC process,
governance policy, maintenance policy and how to become a maintainer,
walkthrough of major repos (chef, chef-docs, chefdk, *-omnibus, chef-server),
community support channels (ML, IRC, SO).

# Writing Extensible/Reusable Cookbooks

Learn how to build your cookbooks to be reusable, both within your organization
and beyond it. We will go over standard patterns you can use in your code, and
helper libraries and tools to look at.

## For Reviewers

Okay, so y'all know this has been my thing for a long time. I'm happy to talk
about it any time, but I also don't want to be a broken record. If there are
other speakers in this arena I would probably prefer they get a chance in the
spotlight but in case there aren't I'm putting this in the system. Would focus a
bit less on Poise so as to not be a direct copy of last year, but if the
community summit is any indication there is still an audience for this kind of
thing.

If you would like me to do this I think it would probably work better in a
hands-on lab format so we could go over each pattern and how to use it instead
of just a wall-of-text about each. The CFP is a bit vague on your plans around
workshops, but perhaps it could be hammered out.

An alternative strategy would be to run this as a more generic "Advanced Chef
Patterns" talk covering stuff like DSL extensions and workflow too.
